Update index.rst to provide missing information on the on_value behavior (#3652)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/select/index.rst

``on_value``
************

> This automation will be triggered when a new value is set/published. Even if the value is the same as before. In :ref:`Lambdas <config-lambda>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This automation will be triggered whenever a value is set/published, even if the value is the same as before. In :ref:`Lambdas <config-lambda>`
```
